docs(trusted setup) - small refresh of the trusted setup documentation (#751)
privacy-scaling-explorations/maci: docs/trustedsetup.md

coordinator misbehaviour is insufficient to justify doing the work nof a
trusted setup. After all, MACI's security model presumes a trusted coordinator.

> The PSE team is making available a trusted set of zKeys for MACI's circuits,
> which will be available as soon as the first ceremony is completed and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The PSE team is in the process of creating a trusted setup for MACI's circuits. The public parameters will be available as soon as the first ceremony is completed and
```

I'd recommend clarifying the terminology for better technical accuracy. Instead of "trusted set," the more standard term is "trusted setup." If you're referring to the output of this setup, it might be better to use "public parameters."

Author: a set of zKeys here simply means 2+ zKeys, I could have used the word pair in this case probably (one for process messages and one for tally votes). Anyways, the maci maci ceremony is nown ended, so might as well change the wording of this doc and add links to the keys 😂

Reviewer: ahh I see XD

will be visible on
[p0tion's website](https://ceremony.pse.dev/projects/Maci%20v1%20Trusted%20Setup%20Ceremony).

> For more info on the ceremony please refer to p0tion's [docs](https://p0tion.super.site/).

Reviewer: > A project might want to run their own trusted setup for a different param combination. what you think of that?

I agree with this @ctrlc03. But the purpose of p0tion needs to be explicitly defined. It's ambiguous whether p0tion serves as an archive page displaying the results of the ceremony, a page where one can view the ongoing status, or a tool designed for users to easily conduct their own ceremonies with desired parameters. This distinction should be made clear in this document.

coordinator misbehaviour is insufficient to justify doing the work nof a
trusted setup. After all, MACI's security model presumes a trusted coordinator.

The PSE team is making available a trusted set of zKeys for MACI's circuits,
which will be available as soon as the first ceremony is completed and
will be visible on
[p0tion's website](https://ceremony.pse.dev/projects/Maci%20v1%20Trusted%20Setup%20Ceremony).

In any case, MACI can be relatively easily modified to support PLONK, which
does not require a circuit-specific trusted setup. Its circuits, written in
[`circom`](https://github.com/iden3/circom), are compatible with Fluidex's
[`plonkit`](https://github.com/Fluidex/plonkit) tool. The downside to using
PLONK is that proof generation is not as optimised as it is for Groth16.

> ## How to run your own trusted setup

Reviewer 2: Why are we quoting this one? Isn't a cross-reference in the paragraph above sufficient?

It seems to me "too trusted setup tooling centric" and that it has little to do with MACI tbh.

Reviewer 2: Ah, in that case even less imho. They could use another tool and there's no point in us telling them how they should launch with p0tion here if we already link above docs. It seems like repetition to me and I would keep the docs concise.

coordinator misbehaviour is insufficient to justify doing the work nof a
trusted setup. After all, MACI's security model presumes a trusted coordinator.

> The PSE team is making available a trusted set of zKeys for MACI's circuits,

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The [PSE team](https://pse.dev/) is making available a trusted set of zKeys for MACI's circuits,
```
For those who don't know who "PSE" is...
